[flang][OpenMP] Upstream `do concurrent` loop-nest detection. (#127595)
llvm/llvm-project: flang/docs/DoConcurrentConversionToOpenMP.md

  1. The inner loop itself.

So the MLIR structure for the above example looks similar to the following:
```
  fir.do_loop %i_idx = %34 to %36 step %c1 unordered {
    %i_idx_2 = fir.convert %i_idx : (index) -> i32
    fir.store %i_idx_2 to %i_iv#1 : !fir.ref<i32>

    fir.do_loop %j_idx = %37 to %39 step %c1_3 unordered {
      %j_idx_2 = fir.convert %j_idx : (index) -> i32
      fir.store %j_idx_2 to %j_iv#1 : !fir.ref<i32>

      fir.do_loop %k_idx = %40 to %42 step %c1_5 unordered {
        %k_idx_2 = fir.convert %k_idx : (index) -> i32
        fir.store %k_idx_2 to %k_iv#1 : !fir.ref<i32>

        ... loop nest body goes here ...
      }
    }
  }
```
This applies to multi-range loops in general; they are represented in the IR as
a nest of `fir.do_loop` ops with the above nesting structure.

Therefore, the pass detects such "perfectly" nested loop ops to identify multi-range
loops and map them as "collapsed" loops in OpenMP.

#### Further info regarding loop nest detection

Loop nest detection is currently limited to the scenario described in the previous
section. However, this is quite limited and can be extended in the future to cover

> more cases. For example, for the following loop nest, even though, both loops are
> perfectly nested; at the moment, only the outer loop is parallelized:

Reviewer: Nit: I think it's easier to follow like this, but feel free to disagree.
```suggestion
more cases. At the moment, for the following loop nest, even though both loops are
perfectly nested, only the outer loop is parallelized:
```

```fortran
do concurrent(i=1:n)
  do concurrent(j=1:m)
    a(i,j) = i * j
  end do
end do
```

Similarly, for the following loop nest, even though the intervening statement `x = 41`
does not have any memory effects that would affect parallelization, this nest is

> not parallelized as well (only the outer loop is).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not parallelized either (only the outer loop is).
```
